gpu: add metrics collector and related types (#2052) (#2059)
prometheus-community/windows_exporter: docs/collector.gpu.md

| Name                                         | Description                                              | Type  | Labels |
|----------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------|-------|--------|
| `windows_gpu_adapter_memory_committed_bytes` | Total committed GPU memory in bytes per physical GPU     | gauge | `phys` |
| `windows_gpu_adapter_memory_dedicated_bytes` | Dedicated GPU memory usage in bytes per physical GPU     | gauge | `phys` |
| `windows_gpu_adapter_memory_shared_bytes`    | Shared GPU memory usage in bytes per physical GPU        | gauge | `phys` |
| `windows_gpu_local_adapter_memory_bytes`     | Local adapter memory usage in bytes per physical GPU     | gauge | `phys` |
| `windows_gpu_non_local_adapter_memory_bytes` | Non-local adapter memory usage in bytes per physical GPU | gauge | `phys` |

### Per-process Metrics

| Name                                         | Description                                     | Type  | Labels                          |
|----------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------|-------|---------------------------------|

> | `windows_gpu_engine_time_seconds`            | Total running time of the GPU engine in seconds | gauge | `phys`, `eng`, `engtype`, `pid` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `windows_gpu_engine_time_seconds`            | Total running time of the GPU engine in seconds | gauge | `phys`, `eng`, `engtype`, `process_id` |
```

Using `process_id` instead `pid` is important here. Because would allows us to enrich the query with information from the process collector.

```
windows_gpu_engine_time_seconds * on(process_id) group_left(owner, cmdline) windows_process_info
```

Maybe we can add the query to Useful Queries as well.
